fix(html): add onerror and onload event info on iframe page (#30893)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/iframe/index.md

As a [replaced element](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Replaced_element), the position, alignment, and scaling of the embedded document within the `<iframe>` element's box, can be adjusted with the {{cssxref("object-position")}} and {{cssxref("object-fit")}} properties.

## onerror and onload events

> Using JavaScript, iframes can be used to probe the URL space of the local network's HTTP servers. That is why for the security reason user agents do not invoke [onerror](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/error_event) event on iframes, and [onload](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/load_event) event is always triggered even if the resource failed to load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript executed inside embedded `<iframe>` content could be used to probe the URL space of the local network's HTTP servers. Therefore, as a security precaution user agents do not fire the [error](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/error_event) event on `<iframe>`s, and the [load](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/load_event) event is always triggered even if the `<iframe>` content fails to load.
```

Reviewer: I also wonder whether it would be worth expanding this text a bit to explain why these behaviors fix the aforementioned security problem? Just a sentence on each? It feels a bit brief right now.

Author: ```suggestion
Using JavaScript `<iframe>`s could be used to probe the URL space of the local network's HTTP servers. Therefore, as a security precaution user agents do not fire the [error](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/error_event) event on `<iframe>`s, and the [load](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/load_event) event is always triggered even if the `<iframe>` content fails to load.
```

> Using JavaScript `<iframe>`s could be used to probe the URL space of the local network's HTTP servers. Therefore, as a security precaution user agents do not fire the [error](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/error_event) event on `<iframe>`s, and the [load](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/load_event) event is always triggered even if the `<iframe>` content fails to load.

Reviewer: Better, but I am struggling a bit with "JavaScript `<iframe>`s" - what's a JavaScript iframe? Really, we mean load and error events fired on an iframe, right? Maybe something like "`error` and `load` events fired on `<iframe>`s could be used..." ?

Author: ```suggestion
The `error` and `load` events fired on `<iframe>`s could be used to probe the URL space of the local network's HTTP servers. Therefore, as a security precaution user agents do not fire the [error](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/error_event) event on `<iframe>`s, and the [load](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/load_event) event is always triggered even if the `<iframe>` content fails to load.
```
